foundation: members (#196)
bitcoindevkit/bitcoindevkit.org: docs/foundation/become-a-member.md

---
sidebar: true
tagline: "Foundation"
description: "Information on how to become a member of the Bitcoin Dev Kit Foundation"
editLink: false
lastUpdated: false
---

# Become a Member

The Bitcoin Dev Kit Foundation is a non-profit organization dedicated to supporting the development of Bitcoin infrastructure. We offer corporate membership tiers: Platinum, Gold, and Silver. We also provide an Associate Membership tier for non-profit organizations.

**We do not currently provide memberships for individuals.**

> Membership benefits include representation in the Foundation and influence on Bitcoin Dev Kit projects. Download our Membership Overview Deck to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Membership benefits include listing on the BDK Foundation members page and representation in the Foundation board of directors. 
```

Author: Updated

> <div style="text-align: left; margin-bottom: 2rem;">
>   <a href="/membership-overview-deck.pdf" style="display: inline-block; background-color: var(--docs-primary-dark); color: var(--docs-dark); padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 5px; font-weight: bold;">Membership Overview Deck</a>
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed.

## Membership Fee Information

| Tier       | Annual Fee            |
| ---------- | --------------------- |
| Platinum   | 300,000 USD           |
| Gold       | 150,000 USD           |
| Silver     | See sliding scale     |
| Individual | Not currently offered |

### Silver Tier Sliding Scale

| Full Time Employees | Annual Fee |
| ------------------- | ---------- |
| 3000+               | 85,000 USD |
| 1000-2999           | 55,000 USD |
| 500-999             | 30,000 USD |
| 100-499             | 15,000 USD |
| 0-99                | 5,000 USD  |

_* Associate membership is available only to nonprofits & educational institutions, and not to individuals. Acceptance is subject to board approval._

### Ready to apply?

<div style="text-align: left; margin-top: 2rem; margin-bottom: 2rem;">
  <a href="mailto:hello@bitcoindevkit.org" style="display: inline-block; background-color: var(--docs-primary-dark); color: var(--docs-dark); padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 5px; font-weight: bold;">Send us an email</a>
</div>

> The Bitcoin Dev Kit project is proudly supported by a number of members. If you'd like to become a member please reach out at: [hello@bitcoindevkit.org](mailto:hello@bitcoindevkit.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bitcoin Dev Kit project is made possible through the support of the BDK Foundation and its members. If you'd like to become a member please reach out at: [hello@bitcoindevkit.org](mailto:hello@bitcoindevkit.org)
```

Author: Updated.

> You can also download a sample copy of our Membership Agreement terms. <!-- Add link when available -->

Reviewer: This should also be removed.
```suggestion
```

Author: Removed.
